improve new developer experience (#1034)
gluwa/Creditcoin: integration-tests/README.md

# General setup

> Install `nvm` as per https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating

Reviewer: +1 for having this as an extra option
-1 for making it look like the canonical option.

I for one strictly prefer installing everything from the Linux distro's own package managed (apt, yum, etc) and default to installing via bash scripts very rarely.

Author: I understand, but for the sake of a readme, it's a little verbose to include every package manager.
I find it's a better developer experience if what we provide works for most people.

I'll try to make it look less like the canonical option, and more of a "this works if you want to do it like this" option

Reviewer: Alright, trade off is acceptable IMO.

Author: done

**WARNING:** Node.js 14.x || 16.x is required

```bash
nvm install 16
nvm alias default 16

> nvm use 16

Reviewer: That's already at odds with the CI config commands. At one point we did use `apt-get` IIRC and now we've switched to a GitHub action to do this for us.

Again preference for adding a link to alternative installation pages.

Author: The problem is the package management solution is conflated with annoying node version issues that are controlled by the OS provider.

This is the most direct way to show the reader what we're expecting of their local development environment. If they, like you, prefer other installation methods, it's quite clear what we're expecting.

At least this provides a working solution for the vast majority of contributors.

npm install -g yarn
```

This test suite is built with creditcoin-js, Polkadot.js and Jest!

## Getting Started

> 0. In the root of the repo, start the software under test, see **Single-Node Development Chain** in `../README.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. In the root directory of this repository, start the software under test, see **Single-Node Development Chain** in `../README.md`
```

docker run --rm -it -p 8545:8545 gluwa/hardhat-dev
```

2. Install dependencies for creditcoin-js, and update its type definitions:

```bash

    pushd creditcoin-js/

>     yarn

Reviewer: What does calling `yarn` before anything else do?  I don't recall needing to do that.

Author: It installs the dependencies. (populates the node_modules directory)

equivalent to `npm install`

Reviewer: Alright, I remember now. I always do `yarn install` but it wasn't obvious to me. 

You may want to explicitly include the `install` command to make it obvious.

Author: I'll change it to `yarn install` to make it obvious

Author: done

**Warning:** don't forget to commit changed definitions to git!

> 3. From the dir of this README.md (`integration-tests`), install dependencies and execute the test node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. From the directory of this README.md (`integration-tests`), install dependencies and execute the test node:
```
